.\"  Copyright 2001
.\"      Telecoms Lab, Tampere University of Technology.  All rights reserved.

.\"  Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
.\"  modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions
.\"  are met:
.\"  1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright
.\"     notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.
.\"  2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright
.\"     notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the
.\"     documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.
.\"
.\"  THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY TAMPERE UNIVERSITY OF TECHNOLOGY AND 
.\"  CONTRIBUTORS ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING,
.\"  BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS
.\"  FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED.  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE UNIVERSITY
.\"  OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL,
.\"  EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO,
.\"  PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR
.\"  PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF
.\"  LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING
.\"  NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS
.\"  SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.
.\"
.\"  $Log: dpeerg.man,v $
.\"  Revision 1.1  2002/08/23 06:19:42  hartmanj
.\"  Initial entry
.\"
.\"

.TH DPEERG 1 DOORS

.SH NAME
dpeerg \- DOORS Peer generator

.SH SYNOPSIS
.B dpeerg
[
.I options
|
.I xmlfile
]

.SH DESCRIPTION
.I dpeerg
creates Peer and PDU C++-classes from XML definitions.
A peer represents an abstract connection between the two parts
of communication. One example would be two TCP tasks communicating
with each other. Actually all communication passes down in the
protocol stack, but this can be hidden from the user by using
the peer interface.
.I The DOORS Peer Generator
generates a peer class, which name is specified in the XML input
file. The generator also produces a set of PDU classes which are
also specified with XML.

.SH ARGUMENTS
.TP
.IB xmlfile
.br
The XML file containing your XML definition for the peer interface.
The 
.TP
.B \-\-help
.br
Display a help screen and quit.

.TP
.B \-\-version 
.br
Display version information and quit.

.TP
.B \-\-nomacros
Suppress the generation of STATIC_SYMBOL, DYNAMIC_SYMBOL and DELETE_SYMBOL
macros inside the generated files.

.TP
.B \-\-no\-hhfile
.br
No header file is generated. This option overrides the
.I \-\-hh\-file <filename>
option.

.TP
.B \-\-no\-ifile
.br
No implementation file is generated. This option overrides the
.I \-\-i\-file <filename>
option.

.TP
.B \-\-i\-file <filename>
.br
Print the implementation in the specified file. No suffixes
are added and if the file already exists and we have sufficient
credentials, the file is
.B overwritten
by the generator without any confirmation from the user.

.TP
.B \-\-hh\-file <filename>
.br
Print the header definitions in the specified file. No suffixes
are added and if the file already exists and we have sufficient
credentials, the file is
.B overwritten
by the generator without any confirmation from the user.

.TP
.B \-\-i\-suffix <implementation file suffix>
.br
The implementation is written in a file with a suffix
given in this option. The first part of the file name is derived
from the XML file's name.

.TP
.B \-\-hh\-suffix <header file suffix>
.br
The header information is written in a file with a suffix
given in this option. The first part of the file nameis derived
from the XML file's name.

.SH EXAMPLES
Here is an example XML definition for a peer interface.

<?xml version="1.0"?>
.br
<Peer Name="ExamplePeer"
.br
     HIncludeFiles="ownheader.h, owndefs.h"
.br
     IIncludeFiles="">
.br

  <Message Name="PDU1">
    <Field>int msgid</Field>
    <Field>char flags</Field>
    <Field>Frame data</Field>
  </Message>

  <Message Name="PDU2">
    <Field>int msgid</Field>
    <Field>char flags</Field>
    <Field>int crcsum</Field>
    <Field>Frame data</Field>
  </Message>
.br

</Peer>
.br

Comments can be added almost anywhere in the XML file and they are ignored and
not copied to the generated files. No support for inserting comments in the
generated files yet exists.

.SH SEE ALSO
dsapg(1), dsmg(1), xcg(1), DOORS(1)

.SH URL
Home page of the DOORS project is currently at
.I https://doors.atm.tut.fi/.

.SH AUTHORS
The DOORS XML Code Generators were created by Joona Hartman and Petri
Järvinen with big help from Bilhanan Silverajan.