.\"  Copyright 2001
.\"      Telecoms Lab, Tampere University of Technology.  All rights reserved.

.\"  Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
.\"  modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions
.\"  are met:
.\"  1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright
.\"     notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.
.\"  2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright
.\"     notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the
.\"     documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.
.\"
.\"  THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY TAMPERE UNIVERSITY OF TECHNOLOGY AND 
.\"  CONTRIBUTORS ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING,
.\"  BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS
.\"  FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED.  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE UNIVERSITY
.\"  OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL,
.\"  EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO,
.\"  PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR
.\"  PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF
.\"  LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING
.\"  NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS
.\"  SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.
.\"
.\"  $Log: xcg.man,v $
.\"  Revision 1.1  2002/08/23 06:19:42  hartmanj
.\"  Initial entry
.\"
.\"

.TH XCG 1 DOORS

.SH NAME
xcg - DOORS XML Code Generators. Tools to help you
write protocols.

.SH DESCRIPTION
The DOORS XML Code Generators are a set of tools which help a user
in creating protocol implementations. These tools generate a set of
C++ classes from XML input files. There are three generators:
.B dsapg
,
.B dpeerg
and
.B dmsg.
These generators all have their own individual input file and they
all generate a different part of the protocol implementation. Also
some handwritten code is required from the user to attain a working
protocol implementation.
.P
Here's a short description of each generator:
.P
.B dsapg
creates service accesspoint abstraction as a set of C++ classes from
XML definitions written by the user. A service accesspoint comprises
of one or two interfaces for the service and a set of message classes
that can be passed through the interfaces.
.P
.B dpeerg
creates PDU classes to be used in peer to peer communication. Several
PDU classes can be defined in one XML file. The user has to write the
decoding and encoding methods by hand since these functions cannot be
derived from simple XML definitions.
.P
.B dsmg
creates a state machine class. The inputs and actions are specified
for each state and a C++ class representing the state machine is
obtained. For type-checking, the SAP definition and the peer definition
files should also be given for the state machine generator.
.P
Each generator is fed with it's own definition file written by the user.

.SH SEE ALSO
.B dsapg(1), dpeerg(1), dsmg(1), DOORS(1)
for more information about the individual generators and
.B The DOORS Project.

.SH URL
Home page of the  DOORS  project  is  currently  at
.I https://doors.atm.tut.fi/.

.SH AUTHORS
The  DOORS XML Code Generators were created by Joona Hartman
and Petri Järvinen  with  big  help  from Bilhanan Silverajan.
